Docs revision to the Wasm guide (#7909)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/installation/advanced_configuration/wasm.md

   * **Load the Wasm file directly into the filter**: If your filter is not hosted in an image repository such as WebAssembly Hub, you can refer to the filepath directly, such as `<directory>/<filter-name>.wasm`.
   * **Use an init container**: In some circumstances, you might not be able to use an image repository due to enterprise networking restrictions. Instead, you can use an `initContainer` on the Gloo Edge `gatewayProxy` deployment to load a `.wasm` file into a shared `volume`.

## Configure Gloo Edge to use a Wasm filter {#configuration}

Now that Gloo Edge Enterprise is installed and you have your Wasm image, you are ready to configure Gloo Edge to use the Wasm filter. You add the filter to your gateway proxy configuration. For more information, check out the {{% protobuf name="wasm.options.gloo.solo.io.PluginSource" display="API docs"%}}.

{{< tabs >}} 
{{% tab name="From WebAssembly Hub" %}}

> 1. Get configuration for your `gateway-proxy` gateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Get the configuration for your `gateway-proxy` gateway.
```

   ```shell
   kubectl get -n gloo-system gateways.gateway.solo.io gateway-proxy -o yaml > gateway-proxy.yaml
   ```
2. Add the reference to your Wasm filter in the `httpGateway` section as follows.
   ```yaml
     httpGateway:
       options:
         wasm:
           filters:
           - config:
               '@type': type.googleapis.com/google.protobuf.StringValue
               value: "world"
             image: webassemblyhub.io/yuval/add-header:v0.1
             name: add-header
             rootId: add_header
   ```
3. Update the `gateway-proxy` gateway.
   ```sh
   kubectl apply -n gloo-system -f gateway-proxy.yaml
   ```
{{% /tab %}} 
{{% tab name="From filepath" %}}

> 1. Get configuration for your `gateway-proxy` gateway.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Get the configuration for your `gateway-proxy` gateway.
```

   ```shell
   kubectl get -n gloo-system gateways.gateway.solo.io gateway-proxy -o yaml  > gateway-proxy.yaml
   ```
2. Add the filepath reference to your `.wasm` file in the `httpGateway` section as follows.
   ```yaml
    httpGateway:
      options:
        wasm:
          filters:
          - config:
              '@type': type.googleapis.com/google.protobuf.StringValue
              value: "world"
            filePath: filters-dir/my-filter.wasm
            name: add-header
            rootId: add_header
   ```
3. Update the `gateway-proxy` gateway.
   ```sh
   kubectl apply -n gloo-system -f gateway-proxy.yaml
   ```
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="From an init container" %}}
Build a Docker image that has the Wasm filter image you previously created and use this image in an init container that runs alongside the gateway proxy. 

{{% notice note %}}Note: If you use a C++ Wasm filter, make sure to upgrade to `proxy-wasm-cpp-sdk-b2e6b0759d34d760e527dadca413a285614f9e99`.{{% /notice %}}

> 1. Create a Dockerfile in the same location as your Wasm filter. The Dockerfile makes an image that has your Wasm filter, and copies the filter to the `/wasm-filters/` directory when the image runs. Later, you mount this directory in a shared volume. _Note: In the previous section, your Wasm file is called `filter.wasm` and is located at `.wasmstore/<uniqueId>/filter.wasm`. If built your filter with a different tool than `wasme` (such as `bazel`), your filter location might differ._

Reviewer: maybe just use note styling

Author: The note styling breaks the ordered list since this is within a tab :/

   ```
   FROM alpine

   COPY filter.wasm filter.wasm
   
   CMD ["cp", "filter.wasm", "/wasm-filters/"]
   ```

> 2. Build and tag a Docker image from this Dockerfile. Replace your repository URL and preferred image name in the following example command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Build and tag a Docker image from this Dockerfile. Replace the example values with your repository URL and preferred image name in the following example command.
```

   ```sh
   docker build . -t localhost:8888/myorg/my-wasm-getter:1.0.0
   ```
3. Push the Docker image to an image repository that your enterprise network can access.
   ```
   docker push localhost:8888/myorg/my-wasm-getter:1.0.0
   ```
4. Edit your `gateway-proxy` deployment to add an init container and mount a shared volume. For a full example, see this [`gateway-proxy-wasm.yaml` file](https://github.com/solo-io/gloo-edge-use-cases/blob/main/docs/gateway-proxy-wasm.yaml).

>    1. In the `spec.template.spec.volumes` section, add a volume named `wasm-filters` that all the containers in the template can access.

Reviewer: maybe add the `kubectl get -n gloo-system gateways.gateway.solo.io gateway-proxy -o yaml > gateway-proxy.yaml` command again? or `kubectl edit ...` ?

      ```yaml
            volumes:
            - configMap:
                defaultMode: 420
                name: gateway-proxy-envoy-config
              name: envoy-config
            - name: wasm-filters
      ```
   2. In the `spec.template.spec.containers` section, add a mount path to the `wasm-filters` volume that you just configured.
      ```yaml
            containers:
              volumeMounts:
              - mountPath: /etc/envoy
                name: envoy-config
              - mountPath: /wasm-filters
                name: wasm-filters
      ```

>    3. In the `spec.template.spec` section, add the following init container stanza to refer to the Wasm image that you just built as well as mount the volume.

Reviewer: for clarity
```suggestion
   3. In the `spec.template.spec` section, add the following init container stanza, which refers to the Wasm image that you just built and mounts the volume.
```
